Gu Laohua, what are you doing?
Humph
I knew you wouldn't leave this wife to die
What do you want?
How dare you touch me?
What are you doing?
Mr. He is already waiting for you at the wedding
This marriage must also be concluded
You have to end it
Hello Qingqing
I'm at the airport.
You are my daughter's migrant worker husband
Let me tell you something.
My daughter is backtracking now
I don't want to suffer any more with you poor boy
Don't bother her there
Hey you
How can he be a relative? He is not such a person.
Hello Mr. Yan
Mr. He, didn't he say he couldn't go?
Not Mr. Yan
Mr. He's wedding is a hot search
He is going to marry your wife Gu Qingqing
What!